Add note about custom toolchain files (#393)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/users/triplets.md

toolchain file is selected from `scripts/toolchains/` appropriate to the
platform.

> > [!NOTE]
> > To create a custom toolchain file, the best way is to include an existing
> > toolchain > from `scripts/toolchains` and extend it. Otherwise many vcpkg
> > build flags specified by the triplet such as `VCPKG_TARGET_ARCHITECTURE`,
> > `VCPKG_CXX_FLAGS` or `VCPKG_LINKER_FLAGS` will not be forwarded to CMake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> To create a custom toolchain file, it's best to start by including an existing
> toolchain from `${VCPKG_ROOT}/scripts/toolchains` and extend it. This ensures that
> essential variables set by the vcpkg executable, such as `VCPKG_TARGET_ARCHITECTURE`,
> `VCPKG_CXX_FLAGS`, `VCPKG_LINKER_FLAGS`, and other variables are forwarded to CMake.
```
